API requests allow some time for build scans to become available (#441)
gradle/gradle-enterprise-build-validation-scripts: release/changes.md

> - [FIX] API requests do allow time for build scans to become available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [FIX] Wait up to 10 seconds for Build Scan data to become available
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [FIX] The Build Validation Scripts do not wait long enough for Build Scan data to become available.
```

Author: I actually missed a word, it should read:

```
- [FIX] API requests do not allow time for build scans to become available
```

This is how we typically write fixes in the release notes, by describing the problem rather than the solution.
